Add Excel style filtering header icon template (#8511)
IgniteUI/igniteui-angular: CHANGELOG.md

# Ignite UI for Angular Change Log

All notable changes for each version of this project will be documented in this file.
## 11.0.0

### General
- `IgxGrid`, `IgxTreeGrid`, `IgxHierarchicalGrid`

>     - **Breaking Change** - Added a new directive for re-templating the header filter icon - `IgxExcelStyleHeaderIconDirective`.

Reviewer: This is not a breaking change.
```suggestion
    - Added a new directive for re-templating the Excel style filtering header icon - `IgxExcelStyleHeaderIconDirective`.
```
